# 2011grader
The goal of this project was to allow instructors to create their own supply of practice problems for their students to practice. To write your own problem you create your own .n file. The functions in ourfunctions.py are what you can use in the .n file. You may also add your own functions to ourfunctions.py if you need a method to attain an answer to a new kind of problem or similar. You will want to make heavy use of write_to_exercise and also add_to_feedback as these are responsible for creating what shows up in the question and feedback after an answer. 

A typical .n file will appear in the following sort of parts: Intialize the range that values could take on and setting the topic, write what you want the question to say along with its values that you have now generated, get the users response, compare that response to the actual answer and say whether they were correct or not. You may look at files such as powset.n, moreset.n, stat.n, and logic_re.n for reference as they are complete .n files. They should give you a good understanding of how to go about writing a .n file.

Once you have created your desired .n files, put them in a folder and adjust the folder_path input in run_questions.py. Then after that you just run python run_questions.py and it should prompt you to open your localhost:5000. Open this up in a browser and you should see a list of your questions to practice. If you want to go to a specific question you can also access it with 
localhost:5000/?your_question so for example if you want to go straight to powset you would do localhost:5000/?powset. If you want to just go to the menu with all questions then you don't need any value after the slash. 
